# stantargets 0.0.6.9000



# stantargets 0.0.6

* Implement resilient rep-specific seeds that do not change if the batching structure changes.

# stantargets 0.0.5

* Update the signatures of most user-side functions to accommodate changes from `cmdstanr` 0.2.0 to 0.5.0 (https://github.com/ropensci/targets/discussions/884, @stuvet).
* Add new arguments `variables_fit` and `inc_warmup_fit` to be passed to the `CmdStanFit` target in `tar_stan_mcmc()` instead of `variables` and `inc_warmup` (#56, @yizhang-yiz). Same for the `variables` argument of `tar_stan_gq()`, `tar_stan_mle()`, and `tar_stan_vb()`.

# stantargets 0.0.4

* Support the `repository` argument for `targets` >= 0.11.0.
* Append a new `.dataset_id` column to target outputs to aid in model comparisons across the same datasets.

# stantargets 0.0.3

* Update docs to changes in `cmdstanr`, `posterior`, and `targets`.

# stantargets 0.0.2

* Reference JOSS paper.

# stantargets 0.0.1

* Skip tests if CmdStan is not installed (@sakrejda).
* Use custom `generate_data()` function in the docs, as opposed to `tar_stan_example_data()` directly (@sakrejda).
* Add the `pedantic` argument for compilation (@sakrejda).
* Reduce dependencies on some `rlang` functions like `sym()` (@sakrejda).
* Change `trn()` to `if_any()` (@mattwarkentin, @sakrejda, @tjmahr).
* Add @sakrejda and @mattwarkentin as reviewers in the `DESCRIPTION`.
* Talk about the R package and system dependencies of `stantargets` in the README (@mattwarkentin).
* Throw an error earlier if the Stan file does not exist (@sakrejda, @mattwarkentin)
* Use `@format` `roxygen2` tag for data generation (@mattwarkentin).
* Use `@family` go cross-reference functions (@mattwarkentin).
* Elaborate on the roles and return values of specific targets generated by target factories (@mattwarkentin).
* Undergo rOpenSci peer review and transition to rOpenSci.
* Link to an example project.

# stantargets 0.0.0.9002

* Return the executable file after the Stan source file in model compilation targets.
* Replace the `log` argument with `stdout` and `stderr` (#23).
* Switch meaning of `%||%` and `%|||%` to conform to historical precedent.

# stantargets 0.0.0.9001

* Join on data to summary output using `.join_data` in the Stan data (#18).
* Pre-compile models for testing and add an environment variable to skip tests that always force recompilation (#19).
* Load packages for any target computing summaries.

# stantargets 0.0.0.9000

* Added a `NEWS.md` file to track changes to the package.
